>>Yah, yah, yah!
>>Right before
everything fell apart,
I kept having these dreams.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Long ago, there was a
land called Lumeria.
It's most holy place was
a mountain called Shastra,
or the teaching mountain.
Today, it is known
as Mount Shasta.
The inhabitants, the Lumerians
were kind, were wise.
And they lived peacefully.
But they knew that one
day, there peaceful world
would come to an end.
And so it came to pass
that the Lumerians had
to escape to the caverns they
lay inside the great mountain.
Once they were safe from the
invaders, they created a plan.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>How will we know it's him?
>>Everything is
hidden, even from him.
>>There's not much time.
>>My agent got me $100,000
advance on a screenplay
that I can't write.
And if I don't hand in
the script by next week,
I'm gonna have to
give the money back.
The problem is I
already spent it all.
I mean, I don't see how things
could get much worse, really.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
>>Jack, you're late on rent.
It's been three weeks.
You're out tomorrow Jack!
>>Hey, everybody.
It's Mary37.
This site's only
been up for a week,
and you're already
asking question,
like who is this Kalki
guy, and why should I care?
OK.
I'm gonna tell you.
Kalki is coming to kick ass.
He's gonna save the
Earth, plain and simple.
I learned in dream school
that we are all avatars.
But Kalki is special.
Prophecy says that he is coming
at the end of this age, which
is right now.
I have to find him.
I can't tell you why,
but that's the way it is.
I have secret
information telling me
that he's going to
be here by Halloween.
He's out there somewhere.
He may not even know who he is.
You might be him.
So I need all of you to help.
And I put this site,
kalkiwhereareyou.com,
and I need all of you to help.
>>When I first left LA and
started out on my epic hike,
I began having these dreams.
I was running from something,
lost, people with guns
were hunting me.
But thinking back, maybe this
was all part of the plan.
Maybe these were lessons
in the dream school.
I mean, maybe I was
running from myself.
>>Hello, Gregory.
Do you know why I live here
in full view of that mountain?
>>Because it's beautiful.
>>You think I care
about any of that?
>>No.
>>I live here for
the same reason
that you do-- to
find that entrance.
You know what I'm
talking about, Gregory.
>>No.
>>Don't give me that.
You were never a good liar,
even when you worked for me.
I want you to come back.
Work with me.
>>What kind of work?
>>We need to find that entrance.
They think that they will
destroy us with Kalki.
That's why I have come.
And I want you to
help me stop them.
>>Living in LA, it was
just too much for me.
My iPhone was my best
friend, and my daily commute
to the studios, my pathetic
social life, the hamster
wheel of partying, drinking,
drugs, and hangovers.
In Hollywood, you
don't sell your soul
to the devil for success.
You kill it yourself,
little by little,
to compete with the rest of
the fools who killed theirs
before you.
And I couldn't think.
I couldn't write.
When I started out
on this journey,
I was just hoping that
getting away from it
all would lead me back
to the pieces of myself
that I had lost.
I didn't realize that reality
was about to kick my ass in.
My girlfriend was always telling
me that I had anger issues.
To be honest, I didn't know what
the hell she was talking about
until I got deep into the
woods of northern California,
and everything fell
away-- my anger, my pain.
You think hiking
is a lot of work?
Now, being pissed
off at the world,
now, that's really exhausting.
For all those cynical
bastards out there,
there's nothing like
epic natural beauty
to calm the inner asshole.
The Pac Crest is one of the
most awesome trails in North
America, maybe the whole world.
It goes from California, through
the Cascades, the Ring of Fire,
and all the way to Canada.
Look, I don't expect
you to like me.
And I haven't been what
you would call a nice guy.
But just think about this.
Nobody knows what
our fate will be
until it hits us in the face.
And for me, fate had its
pimphand cocked and ready
to go.
>>Who are you?
[SCREECH]
>>He didn't mean to hurt you.
>>What's he doing
out here all alone?
>>Don't worry about them.
They protect the entrance
from being discovered.
>>I can't take it
out here anymore.
Please, let me come home.
>>But your work here
hasn't even begun.
Do you remember
what we taught you?
Do you know what you have to
do before we can release you
from your earthly body?
>>I have to find Kalki.
>>He cannot begin his work
until you bring him here.
>>But you don't understand.
>>I cannot allow you or anyone
to enter the city until Kalki
finishes what he
was sent here to do.
Now, go.
[SCREECHING]
>>Somewhere behind
the door, I'm ready.
The footsteps are
calling me, come find me.
>>I found the entrance.
>>To the cave?
>>Yes.
>>Are you sure?
>>Absolutely.
I saw Guardian in the flesh.
You know, she looked
exactly-- I mean exactly,
like she did 50 years
ago, when we were
children in the dream school.
>>Then, it's time.
>>It is.
It is.
>>Daybreak.
Daybreak.
>>Hello, Jack.
You don't even
remember me, do you?
Funny, how your memory leaves
you right after you're born.
It can take decades
sometimes for people
to even remember who they
are or why they're here.
In fact, some people
never even get that far.
You're more than you
think you are, Jack.
Once you wake up,
you can't come back.
>>I'm not awake?
>>Let's just say you're
not who you think you are.
>>All right.
Who am I?
>>It's not who you are now.
It's who you're going to be.
You're going to
be a great leader.
Your words, Jack, your words
are going to reveal the truth.
And by your example,
you're going
to create a whole new
world right here on Earth.
>>Ridiculous.
I'm not a great leader.
I don't even wanna be a leader.
I just have to finish
my damn script.
How do you now my name?
>>I didn't know
it then, but I was
talking to the legendary
Count St. Germain, alchemist,
nobleman, and alleged immortal.
>>Hey, everyone,
it's Mary37 again.
Last night, I had this dream
that I would meet Kalki today,
but someone's trying to stop us.
So I'm posting this in
hopes that he's watching.
You know, there's a
lot of people asking,
you know, why do we need Kalki?
So in response, I've posted
a new site with headlines
from all over the world.
Why do we need Kalki?
Let's start with three
nuclear meltdowns
happening at once,
thousands of people
dying in civil war in Darfur.
How about this?
Home foreclosures hit
the highest rates ever.
Where are we supposed to live?
I could go on and on.
This is why we need Kalki.
He's our only hope.
>>Ready to go to the headwaters?
>>The first rule of
the hiker's handbook
is don't leave the trail.
Starvation, injury,
and death can occur.
Well, I left the trail.
And that's when I saw her,
the mountain they call Shasta.
She was the most beautiful
thing I'd ever seen.
I mean, you could
say that I was lost,
but really, I had been found.
I had found my way to the
little town of Mount Shasta.
Little did I know what
was waiting for me here.
Do you know if there's,
like, a rock or crystal
shop around here?
>>Straight ahead.
It's on the left.
>>Cool.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Right.
>>Interested in
buying a crystal?
>>No.
I wanted to know what you
would give me for this.
I found it in the woods.
Do you like it?
>>I could-- we could
give you $20 for it.
>>Yeah?
>>That crystal was
meant for you, Jack.
>>On second thought, I don't--
I don't think I'll sell it.
Sorry.
>>40.
This is 521.
The crystal has been found.
I repeat, the Kalki crystal
has been discovered.
I'll follow him.
>>Mount Shasta is
most famous for being
where the headwaters of
the Sacramento River begin.
Much of the water that
California drinks, washes
their cars with, bathes
their children in,
begins right here
on this mountain.
>>Does the name Kalki
mean anything to you?
>>No, I never heard of him.
>>Hmph.
I'm Mary.
And this is Albert.
Where are you going?
>>Um, I'm hiking through town.
>>There's someone
you should meet.
Yeah, come on.
>>Oh, come on.
You'd go with her too.
Thinking back on
that whole thing,
this was the first time I had
felt something stir inside me.
It was something
different, something real.
>>The objective
has been achieved.
Footage clearly shows that the
Kalki crystal has been found.
>>So you think you are done?
>>That was my understanding.
>>There's always more to do.
>>Yes, sir.
>>We must take all the
steps necessary to find
him and remove him.
>>Why don't I just take
the crystal from the kid?
Shouldn't be all that difficult.
>>You don't understand.
It's not the crystal we
need to be worried about.
It's the man who found it.
If the prophecy's are
correct, he is Kalki.
And if he is Kalki,
he has returned
with one mission in mind.
Kalki's not here to
teach us or to change us.
Unlike the ignorant
masses, Kalki
knows that we rule the world.
He is here to completely
obliterate us.
And if that's the case, none
of our kind will remain.
The ignorant rabble
will steal everything,
ruin everything that we
have built in our 6,000 year
dominion over the world.
Who will control
the world order?
No police, no security, no
war, no controlled population.
Even if he isn't Kalki,
it does not matter.
If there is the slightest
chance that he is Kalki,
you must find him
and terminate him.
Do you understand?
>>Yes, sir.
I do.
>>Feel really good
about this one.
Check out his crystal.
Looks like the one in the book.
There's something
about his eyes.
>>Very similar.
Where did you find it?
>>On the trail.
It was just hanging there.
I ran into it.
Somebody must have left it.
>>Or left it for someone.
Who are you?
>>Jack O'Ryan.
That's a big question.
>>Anger, distrust.
He's too dark to be Kalki.
>>What was that?
>>I thought you
might be someone.
It's OK.
Have a safe trip.
>>More like an acid trip.
What?
Is she like a mind-reader?
Has everybody on this
mountain gone wonky?
Seriously, first, I mean a
guy who thinks he knows me,
now this?
It's-- it's something
in the water.
Or you-- you guys are smoking
something, and then not telling
me.
Because I-- you can share.
I'm cool.
>>Jack, do you believe that
the universe is infinite?
>>Yeah.
>>Well, if the
universe is infinite,
then we live in a world
of infinite choices.
>>I've never met
anybody like you.
>>Open your mind, Jack.
You can become whoever
it is you wanna be.
>>It did look like
the crystal, but I'm
afraid we're going to
have to keep looking.
>>Mary37 again.
Thanks for all your
great messages.
I posted them all on
kalkiwhereareyou.com.
Like I said in my last
post, I had this dream
that I was gonna meet Kalki.
And I did meet someone, and
I thought he was the one.
But we're still looking.
There's a lot of
work to be done,
and we're gonna need everyone's
help when he gets here.
But we still have to find him.
>>There's a guy in town.
I think he has the crystal.
>>Mary brought him by.
He's too dark to be Kalki.
>>Sarah, you know that only
Kalki can find that crystal.
You've got the book.
Look it up.
>>Hey.
>>Where's your costume?
Aren't you coming to the
Halloween parade with me?
>>Right, the parade.
I had a dream about
the parade last night.
The guy with the funny hat,
he was trying to stop Jack.
>>We'll go check it out.
>>Somehow, I found my way to
Shasta's Halloween parade.
>>I don't like this.
You stay away from him.
Understand?
>>No, I did not succeed
in removing him,
and I did not
recover the crystal.
Yes, sir.
I-- I won't let you down again.
>>Kalki will destroy
the enemies of truth,
and bring about the
birth of the next age.
>>So you were beaten
by one of the locals?
>>Yes.
>>With a cane?
>>Yes, sir.
>>Useless.
You've lost your edge.
You know the price
that you have to pay.
Go ahead!
Shut the door.
>>DISC agents?
>>We have to help him.
>>Who are you?
>>I'm Kalki.
>>Who is Kalki?
>>What have you been
doing out there?
>>Hiking, getting stronger.
>>Getting strong, are you?
Come over here, Jack.
Shake my hand.
I thought you said you
were getting strong, Jack.
>>What is this?
>>If you were getting
strong, this couldn't happen.
Relax.
You were always looking for
something, Jack, a woman,
a drug, a job, a savior.
>>How are you doing this?
>>Jack, you're more
than flesh and blood.
You're immersed in a
river of invisible energy.
It's called a light body.
It's within you and without.
It informs you, celebrates you.
It co-creates with you.
It's your friend, Jack.
It's your ally.
I can see you're going to need
a little more time with this.
>>This is some kind of trick.
>>It's not a trick, Jack.
It-- it's the force
that drives everything.
It's the force that
lights up the galaxies,
causes the sun to burn.
It's the reason why nothing
can be living or dead.
Everything is
living all the time.
It's the force
that animates you,
that gives you your
attractiveness, your power,
or-- or your lack of it.
Jack, this force, this
force fills everything.
It flows through everything,
the animals, people, everything
that is, seen and unseen.
You can't regulate the force.
It can be siphoned off.
The force is what it is.
It's constant.
But you can alter the amount of
the force that you feel in you,
or that you don't feel.
>>How can I become
as good as you?
>>You have too
many toxins in you,
junk food, television,
video games.
Online poker, Jack?
Even your lack of
self-confidence.
Yes, Jack, even your thoughts
can affect your energy field.
Jack, you're all messed up.
>>What can I do?
>>I want you to
imagine that you're
surrounded by a white light.
Go ahead.
Try.
This will help.
>>I see it.
>>Jack, wake up.
Jack, we're waiting.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
>>Hello?
Hello?
>>Jack, are you all right?
>>>>[MUMBLING] Guys with guns,
they're trying to kill me.
>>Jack, we gotta go now.
Let's get in the car.
Here, we gotta go.
Now.
>>No, no, no, no, no.
They're trying to--
>>Sorry, Jack.
This is-- this is all I have.
Come on.
Come on, Jack.
>>What?
>>Jack.
>>Attention.
They're getting away.
They're heading
towards the freeway.
>>You still got the crystal?
Good.
Did you see who's after you?
>>Guys in black uniforms.
They had guns.
>>DISC agents.
>>Can you explain to
me what's going on?
What are DISC agents?
Why are they trying to kill me?
>>>>You found the crystal, Jack.
>>So?
They can have their crystal!
It can't be worth
getting killed over.
>>Focus, Jack.
They're not after the crystal.
They're after the
man who found it.
That's you.
>>Anybody could have found it!
I was just walking along!
>>I know it seems that way
to you right now, Jack,
but believe me.
There's a lot more to all
of this than you realize.
>>A lot more to what?
>>Get down, Jack.
>>Jack, the crystal.
>>Did we kill that guy?
No.
No, you need to let
me out of the car.
>>Wait, Jack.
>>Let me out of the car!
Let me out!
>>Jack, wait!
Wait, Jack!
I can't just leave
you here, Jack.
Those men will be back.
They have guns.
They're trying to
kill you, not us.
>>Mary, look, I like
you, but I just met you.
I don't know you.
How can I trust you?
>>You know me.
We've been lovers for centuries.
>>I feel like that may be true.
But I don't know
how that could be.
>>Understanding is not
all it's cracked up to be.
>>Look, I'm scared.
>>We're scared too.
But I think in your heart
you know what to do.
It's coming.
You're the only one
who can do this, Jack.
You've been preparing
your entire life.
Trust your heart.
>>It's getting late, Jack.
We gotta go.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Whoa.
Whoa.
>>Keep moving.
>>Who are you?
>>You don't remember me?
>>I'm-- I'm pretty
sure I'd remember you.
>>You have a memory from
when you were young.
I came into your dreams to
teach you, to get you ready.
>>Look.
Look, I know that
you people think
I'm some kind of superhero.
>>I placed the seed of our
teachings into your mind.
They are waiting to be released.
All will become clear
when we reach Telos.
>>Um, will there
be any food there?
Because--
>>There is no need for food.
>>No food?
Look, I don't-- I don't know
if that's gonna work for me.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
It was like waking
up from a dream.
One moment, I was Jack O'Ryan.
And the next, I am Kalki.
Or to be more precise, Kalki
the Destroyer of Worlds.
The Guardian, as the living
embodiment of the Earth,
knew everything that
had transpired here
from the beginning.
She taught me about eternal
life, unconditional love,
and the wisdom of the ages.
She told me the secret of how
long ago, the planet had been
invaded by alien
parasites called
Archons, how, like
a virus, they invade
the minds of human beings
one by one, until most of us
became insane.
The Archons lust after
greed, blood, and murder.
Wars, pollution, hatred,
anger, and violence
were the result of the
Archons' parasitic invasion.
And they corrupted our
peaceful garden planet
over their 6,000 year reign.
Human beings turned
on each other,
and the terrible
Age of Iron began.
Through the Guardian's
transmission,
I saw how the Lemurians
had carved out
the mountain they called Shasta
so that they could get away
from the spreading madness.
There, deep inside
the mountain, they
worked to stop the invasion
and turn the human race
back into what it once
was, strong, powerful,
and compassionate.
The Lemurians also created
a secret dream school
in which humans who
had not been infected
were brought to Shasta
in their dreams.
And there they learned
the secrets of the past,
the magic of intuition,
and the sacred arts.
They hoped that these few
enlightened ones could
help turn back the
invasion of the Archons,
but the Archon's
hold on humanity
was stronger than
anyone had realized.
In fact, the contagion
was spreading,
enveloping the entire planet.
They had no choice left.
It was then that
they created the seed
of the Destroyer of Worlds.
Kalki would be kept
secret, a myth, a prophecy
until it was too
late to stop him.
And now it is time.
I am awake.
I will release the
knowledge of who we really
are before the Archons
can enslave us for good.
In a way, Kalki is
humanity's last chance.
If I am stopped,
then the Archons
will continue to rape and
murder until the entire planet
is destroyed.
If I succeed, then
the human race
can return to a time of
splendor, a time of wealth,
a time of happiness.
>>Hello?
How do I get out of here?
Hello?
Where'd you go?
>>Looking for a way out, Jack?
There is no way out.
You don't even want a way out.
You're right where you wanna be,
exactly where you want to be.
Hello, Jack.
>>Hey.
Hey, I know you.
>>So what did you learn, Jack?
Back there, I mean.
>>I learned the truth.
>>And what is the truth, Jack?
>>We have a lot of work to do.
>>Now, that is the truth.
You've come a long way, Jack.
But now you have
to go all the way.
>>And that-- that
wasn't all the way?
>>You know, Jack, I want you to
look like them, act like them,
dress like them.
>>You want me to wear a suit?
>>Yeah.
Oh, and you should have
what they have as well.
Let me explain
what's going on here.
The people on the
surface have been lied to
so often they have no idea
what the truth is anymore.
They need someone to level
with them, smarten them up.
Don't-- don't be worried
about upsetting anybody.
That happens all the time.
The truth can be a very
unsettling experience.
>>You think I can do this?
>>You'll figure it out.
Oh, Jack.
They don't need another leader.
They just need someone
to tell them the truth.
>>What if they don't
want to hear the truth?
>>They don't, Jack.
That's the whole point.
Why do you think
we're sending you?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Something bad is going down.
>>What?
>>Mrs. Brody's disappeared.
>>I need your help.
>>Anything.
>>Are you ready to wake up?
>>Thought I was awake.
>>Listen very carefully.
[WHISPERING]
>>That's worse than I thought.
>>And that's why I
have to tell them.
>>I can help.
I have this website.
It's been down all day.
>>This is bigger than a website.
Once they get the word out,
they're gonna try to kill me.
>>Well, good thing we don't
have to worry about that.
>>Why not?
>>Because you're Kalki.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Looking good.
>>I've gotta look the part if I
want them to take me seriously.
>>Hi.
Uh, it's not just
your website, Mary.
Your bank accounts are frozen.
Your credit cards are useless.
And they're picking
everybody up.
>>Jack, this is
Spacey, my IT guy.
>>Hi.
[HELICOPTER FLIES OVERHEAD]
It's starting.
We gotta get outta here.
>>My mom has a resort
in the mountains.
I live in the basement.
We could go there.
>>You know about computers?
>>He's wanted in six
states for epic hacking.
>>So you're like a supervillain?
>>I'm one of the good guys.
>>Superhero.
You can-- you can hack into
the satellite networks?
>>I've done them all, YouTube,
Vimeo, what do you wanna do?
>>All of them.
OK, I need you.
>>Everything's in my place.
I got terminals, T2 lines.
Let's go.
>>This is gonna
be too dangerous.
You can't come with us.
>>My grandmother has
a cabin in the woods.
I'll go there.
>>As soon as I
put you on, you're
gonna be a big red
dot on the GPS.
>>How long do I have?
[MUMBLING]
>>Uh, well, let's see.
Five minutes.
>>You sure this is
going worldwide?
>>It's gonna reach billions.
>>This is gonna
really piss them off.
>>Yeah.
Yeah, there we go.
Yeah.
And that starts the clock.
And they'll be
breaking down our doors
in a matter of-- let's see.
[MUMBLING]
You'll be fine.
This is as good a signal
as we're gonna get.
Get ready.
>>This is your wake up call.
You've been dreaming, and
now it's time to wake up.
Who are you?
No, really.
If everything you've been told--
>>It's Jack.
>>Is a lie.
I'm asking you to consider
that deep down you've
always known it.
You've always known
that their rules
were meant to break your
spirit and control your mind.
These rules, handed down to us
by a power elite so ingrained--
>>By all the stock
while it's up, way up.
>>That I don't even need
to mention their names--
>>Huh?
Hello?
>>Only that they are
known for their wealth,
and their influence, and
their cold, soulless greed.
They've been tightening
their grip on us
across the generations.
And they hold that sway over
us by the turn of a trick,
the confidence trick.
But it works only
so long as we agree
to play the role of the
mindless, helpless victim that
thinks that someone else will
save us, protect us, love us.
>>Why are you interrupting me?
>>Sir, he broke into the cable
networks, the satellites.
He's everywhere.
>>So find him and stop him.
Bring him to me!
>>Yes, sir.
>>We have hypnotized into
focusing on our weaknesses
and our fears--
>>Jack.
>>Instead of
developing our minds
and using our hidden abilities.
We are the ones we've
been waiting for,
the magic-makers, the
light-keepers in a dying age.
The light-keeper
is a human being
who has woken to their power,
like a Jedi or a superhero.
And a fully realized
light-keeper
is capable of anything,
transmuting pain,
psychic ability,
spontaneous self-healing,
and freedom of action.
There are many of you.
I'm aware that allies exist.
But I am Jack O'Ryan, can
I bring you great news
that you are not alone.
If you've been searching for
the secret of the secret,
here it is.
We have been creating every
moment with our intention,
for better or for worse,
since the beginning of time.
And now we are becoming
conscious of our power
to remake the world.
This is a revolution
of the spirit.
There are no more secrets.
Everything in the universe
has a field surrounding it.
This field is invisible
to most of us,
but there are gifted
ones who can see it.
This energy creates
what you call light,
and so this field is
called the light body.
It is the driving
force of the universe.
It is really all that
is in its primal form.
There is no difference
between this light
and you except the
rate of vibration.
You have the ability to
affect this vibration.
That is why you must listen
to what I am saying here.
How you are, how you think,
even how you choose to feel
affects the vibratory rate of
your personal energy field.
This field is continuing
to create you.
Your very sense and
experience of yourself
in the next moment
in your future
is produced by the way you
affect your light body now.
It is a circle.
The energy field
creates you, and you
create the energy field.
The secret of the light
body is the greatest secret
that has ever been told.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Who are you?
>>I am Kalki.
>>Who is Kalki?
>>Kalki is truth.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Mom?
Is that you?
>>You didn't care.
>>No.
>>You don't care about me.
The people at the hospital told
me you never came to visit!
You never cared about me!
>>No, Mom, that's--
that's not true!
>>The people in the hospital
told me you never came.
You didn't care
about me, about me.
>>I'm sorry.
I was worried about my career.
>>I was dying!
You left me in the
hospital to die!
>>No, Mom.
I'm not that person anymore.
I don't know who
I was back then.
>>You're not sorry.
All you ever did was
think about yourself!
[SOBBING]
>>Jack, everyone has done
things in this life they regret.
Look deeper.
What you're seeing is not real.
Your mother loves you, Jack.
She does forgive you if you
feel you need forgiveness.
But from her place of
awareness, she's clear.
Forgiveness is not
even necessary.
>>So you think that you
can break into our media
and transmit the secret
knowledge to the human race?
You had control of the
media for 15 minutes.
We had control all
the rest of the time.
All we have to do
is conjure up images
of fear, hatred, violence,
and war, and I can take back
everything you've given them.
They will murder and
riot, and your dream
would disappear into an
orgy of violence and fear.
They will soon
forget your charade,
just like they forgot last
week's episode of The Biggest
Loser!
The human race
wouldn't know what
to do with the power
you've given them, anyway.
We have dumbed them
down for centuries,
promoted losers, fanatics.
Anyone who disagrees
with our reality
is labeled kook and
conspiracy theorist.
It's a great system.
But I have to say,
your performance
was very impressive.
I was surprised,
but did you ever
think about all the
people in the world who
don't have television, don't
have computers, iPhones?
What about them?
How are they going to get
the Kalki transmission, huh?
>>I thought of that.
It's not about
how many, but who.
I figured that if I reached
10% of the population,
the transmission
of the light body
will spread like a-- like
a-- like a computer virus.
>>I will stop it.
And I will stop you.
>>You've gotten very
good at creating
negative fantasies, where all
the energy of the human race
is drained away, stolen.
That's how you've controlled us.
You're vampires, thieves.
In another time, you
would've weakened me.
Your lies and fear can't affect
me or anyone else anymore.
The collective awareness
of the light body,
the true destiny of the human
race is spreading even now.
Soon, it will be too late.
>>You don't know
what you're doing.
The human race is too
stupid to be awakened.
>>The only thing left for me
to do is for me to help you.
[GROANING]
>>I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry!
>>I know this
looks like the end.
But actually, it's
just the beginning.
[MUSIC PLAYING]